this is the the piece of kombu they come
in long strips of you and they need
about the 10 centimeter square so cut it
and snip a few extra bits in to the
deflator all come through and then you
soak it in water that's one I put in
about half an hour ago and the sauce
goes back to its probably its original
size and we bought that away probably on
sort of medium heat so when you start
seeing little bubbles come up from the
side of the kombu hmm then that's when
it's ready for you to take the kombu out
now this is the bonito so it's a piece
of the fish that's being boiled and
smoked and dried sort of looks like a
prosciutto almost almost yeah and you
have this really nice shiny meat inside
hmm and this is the special shaving tool
careful with your fingers but that's how
you do it and then end up with a flake
cinder Oh Adam and then you put the
bonito flakes in so is that like one cup
of bonito flakes oh so two big handfuls
and the heat back on mmm just sort of
when you start seeing the little bubbles
and then turn that off and then just let
it sit and wait till the goose or the
flex sink to the bottom of the pan mmm
and then we just strain it through
that's it what's beautiful that's the
basic stock general rule of missile is
the darker the color of the missile
they're sort of stronger and sharper the
flavor and light rail is sweeter and
milder so that's sort of halfway so too
there's not a leader of stocking has
probably plenty of missile so you start
off with a small amount and what you do
you just melt them you saw in nice and
easy and there you go that's stopped
turning to mr. suit any seasonal
vegetable can be added to make a hearty
soup Yuki's favorite additions a wakame
and tofu we just have to UM heat it
through well mmm sorry what mmm that is
really good
you